# Nuclear-Power-Plant-OpenGL-Computer-Graphics- 
displaying nuclear power plant working using graphics:we implemented COMPUTER GRAPHICS and OPEN GL to demonstrate the working of nuclear power plant. We modified the nuclear power plant project with a battery storage area to it. we found designing and developing this project interesting and a good learning experience. the development of this project
OpenGL is the most extensively documented 3D graphics API (Application Program Interface) to date. Information regarding OpenGL is all over the Web and in print. It is impossible to exhaustively list all sources of OpenGL information. OpenGL programs are typically written in C and C++. One can also program OpenGL from Delphi (a Pascal-like language), Basic, Fortran, Ada, and other languages. To compile and link OpenGL programs, one will need OpenGL header files. To run OpenGL programs one may need shared or dynamically loaded OpenGL libraries, or a vendor-specific OpenGL Installable Client Driver (ICD). 


Nuclear powerplant is a power generating unit in which nuclear energy is converted to electrical energy. Turbo generator made to rotate from heat generated by nuclear fission reactions of radioactive elements such as uranium-235,plutonium "radioactive elements splits when bombarded by neutron.reactions become self sustaining chain reaction under controlled conditions. Heat energy generated is transfered to ordinary water and carried away" heat energy generated is transfered to ordinary water and carried away steem feeds the turbo generator thus making it to rotate and power is generated.
